[Music]
four minute workout after waking up to
slim down your legs if you're not
entirely confident in the size or shape
of your legs but don't have any time or
desire to hit the gym every day did we
have some great news for you you can
make your legs slimmer sexier and more
toned in just three months with the help
of this simple four-minute morning
workout and guess what you can do it
right now as you watch this video
so grab your sportswear and let's get
into it number one warm-up jogging in
place before every workout even a short
one it's extremely important to get your
body ready it's called a warm-up for a
reason it increases your blood
circulation which in turn warms up your
muscles to prevent injury your tendons
and ligaments become more flexible
significantly reducing your risk of
tearing something finally it also
prepares you mentally by slowly easing
you into some physical exercise the best
way to warm up your body in the morning
and prepare it for a leg workout is
jogging in place start by doing
kickbacks this is basically jogging in
such a way that your heels touch your
butt keep doing this for 15 seconds
[Music]
after that jog in place while lifting
your knees up to waist level this is
called high knee marching and try to do
it for fifteen more seconds great job
you're all warmed up now let's get down
to the main set of exercises number two
body weight lunges we're gonna begin
with lunges with any exercise form is
key as for lunges it's important to get
the right starting position to perform
them correctly stand up straight with
your feet shoulder-width apart keep your
shoulders back and your chin up look
straight ahead
engage your core muscles this is crucial
you can put your hands on your hips if
it feels more comfortable for you all
right now you're ready to start lunging
slowly step forward on your right foot
it doesn't have to be a big step your
lunges don't need to be too deep bend
your right leg at the knee so that it
makes a 90 degree angle your knee should
stay right above your toes and no
further as you do the previous step your
left leg will simultaneously lower to
the floor your left knee should float
right above the floor or mat hold this
position for a few seconds and then push
off your right leg to get back into the
starting position do 10 reps on your
right leg
seven keep it up five four three two one
now ten more on the left leg go watch
your form and done lunges aren't just
great at sculpting the legs they also
provide you with improved balance as
well as better flexibility in your spine
and hip flexor muscle number three outer
thigh lifts get into the starting
position by doing the following lie down
on the mat with your right side so that
your hips shoulders and head are aligned
rest your head in your right hand and
place your left hand on your left hip
now for the actual exercise with your
right leg straight and plant it against
the mat slowly lift your left leg keep
it in the air for a couple of seconds
then lower it back down do ten lifts on
this side
[Music]
don't rush it try to be slow and
deliberate
[Music]
nice work now turn over on your left
side and get ready to lift your right
leg again let's do 10 reps while doing
this exercise make sure you don't lean
your body either backward or forward
outer thigh lifts strengthen your hips
and obviously your outer thighs so kiss
those saddlebags goodbye because this
exercise will burn the fat right off
number four plie slides you've probably
seen and admired the lean yet strong
legs of ballet dancers well this next
exercise was inspired by exactly this
graceful type of dance here's how to
perform plie slides stand up straight
with your hands on your hips press your
heels tightly together while keeping
your toes turned out to the sides at
about a 45 degree angle take a big step
to the side with your right foot keep
those toes pointed outwards bend your
knees to lower your body towards the
floor your knees should never extend
past your toes keep your back straight
and your abs tight hold this position
for two seconds and then stand up again
and bring your right heel back to the
left one do 10 slides with your right
foot nine eight seven six keep your back
straight four
three two one now get ready to step to
the side with your left foot give me ten
on this side now go remember to watch
your form
[Music]
well done this exercise will chisel your
inner and outer thighs as well as your
quads and glutes
besides toning the legs plie slides also
strengthen the lower body
number five frog jumps to get into the
starting position
act like you're sitting in an invisible
chair only your feet should be said
wider than shoulder-width apart and your
toes turned outward jump up and a bit
forward try to land on your toes as you
land go back into a squat which was our
initial position repeat this squat jump
squat movement for one-minute straight
[Music]
remember to keep your shoulders back and
really try to keep your core engaged as
you do this exercise your knees and your
feet should be pointed in the same
direction outward since frog jumps are a
pilo metric exercise you burn calories
extremely fast this helps your legs slim
down by sculpting and tightening your
thighs what's more this exercise also
has an afterburner effect which means
that even after you finish doing it
calories continue to be burnt throughout
the next 24 hours let's sum it all up
number one warm-up jogging kickbacks 15
seconds high knee marching 15 seconds
number 2 bodyweight lunges right leg 30
seconds left leg 30 seconds number 3
outer thigh lifts right side 30 seconds
left side 30 seconds
number 4 plie slides right leg 20
seconds left leg 20 seconds
number 5 frog jumps 60 seconds
altogether this leg workout comes to
just a hair over 4 minutes
surely you have under 5 minutes a day to
work towards getting the legs of your
dreams keep doing it for 3 months and
that's exactly what you'll get
what's leg slimming exercises do you
know tell us in the comments below don't
forget to click Subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life